Snowflake Logs C2C doc update (#5816)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/snowflake-logs-source.md

- **Account Identifier**. An account identifier uniquely identifies a Snowflake account within your organization, as well as throughout the global network of Snowflake-supported cloud platforms and cloud regions. For more information, see [Account identifiers](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier).
- **Username**. Snowflake account's login username. For example, `SUMOLOGIC`.
- **Password**. Snowflake account's login password. For example, `yufncixxxxxxxxxp55hbdy7`.

> - **Programmatic Access Token**. Collect your Snowflake Programmatic Access Token following the instruction mentioned in the [Snowflake Documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/programmatic-access-tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Programmatic Access Token**. Collect your Snowflake Programmatic Access Token following the instructions in the [Snowflake Documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/programmatic-access-tokens).
```
